Slaent Privacy Policy

Our services build communities and connect people everywhere around the world, building bonds. Any registered user of Slaent can post to our service, and any user with access can view it from anywhere in the world. Messages containing combinations of pictures, audio, video, live feeds, and text, and links to other sites.

What you share on Slaent may be viewed all around the world instantly. Hopefully building and finding a place in the community. 

This Privacy Policy describes how and when we collect, use and share your information across our websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, widgets, ads, commerce services, and our other covered services that link to this Policy (collectively, the “Services”), and from our partners and other third parties. For example, you send us information when you use our Services on the web, via SMS, or from an application. When using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, disclosure, and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. This includes any information you choose to provide that is deemed sensitive under applicable law.

When this policy mentions “we” or “us,” it refers to the controller of your information under this policy. Your information is controlled by (#SLAENT REGISTRATION#) Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103 U.S.A. Despite this, you alone control and are responsible for posting and other content you submit through the Services, as provided in the Terms of Service and Slaent Rules.

Irrespective of which country you live in, you authorize us to transfer, store, and use your information in the United States, Ireland, and any other country where we operate. In some of these countries, the privacy and data protection laws and rules regarding when government authorities may access data may vary from those in the country where you live.

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please submit a request through our form, available at (#SALENT PRIVACY FORM REQUEST LINK#)

Information Collection and Use
We collect and use your information below to provide, understand, and improve our Services.

Basic Account Information: If you choose to create a Slaent account, you must provide us with some personal information, such as your name, username, password, email address, or phone number. On Slaent, your name and username are listed publicly, including on your profile page and in search results, and you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. Some of our product features, such as searching and viewing public Slaent user profiles do not require you to create an account.


Contact Information: You may use your contact information, such as your email address or phone number, to customize your account or enable certain account features, for example, for login verification or Slaent via SMS. If you provide us with your phone number, you agree to receive text messages to that number from us. We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services, to market to you, to help prevent spam, fraud, or abuse, and to help others find your account, including through third-party services and client applications. You may use your settings for email and mobile notifications to control notifications you receive from Slaent. You may also unsubscribe from a notification by following the instructions contained within the notification or the instructions on our website. 


Additional Information: You may choose to provide us with additional information to help improve and personalize your experience across our Services. If you email us, we may keep your message, email address and contact information to respond to your request. If you connect your account on our Services to your account on another service in order to cross-post between our Services and that service, the other service may send us your registration or profile information on that service and other information that you authorize. This information enables cross-posting, helps us improve the Services.


Posts, Profile, and other Public Information: Slaent is primarily designed to help you share information with other users and the world. Most of the information you provide us through Slaent is information you are asking us to make public. You may provide us with profile information to make public on Slaent, such as a short tag, your location, or a picture. Additionally, your public information includes the messages you Post; the metadata provided with Posts, such as when you Posted and the client application you used to Post; information about your account, such as creation time, language, country, and time zone; and the lists you create, Posts you reply to. Slaent broadly and instantly disseminates your public information to a wide range of users, customers, and services, including search engines, developers, and publishers that integrate Slaent content into their services, and organizations such as universities, public health agencies, and market research firms that analyze the information for trends and insights. When you share information or content like photos, videos, and links via the Services, you should think carefully about what you are making public. We may use this information to make inferences. Our default is almost always to make the information you provide through the Services public. If you provide us with profile information that information is public. 

Private Messages and Non-Public Communications: We provide certain features that allow you to communicate more privately. For example, you can use Private Messages to have private conversations with other Slaent users. When you privately communicate with others through our Services, such as by sending and receiving Private Messages, we will store and process your communications, and information related to them. While features like Private Messages are intended to be private, please remember that recipients may copy, store, and re-share the contents of your communications.

Location Information: We may receive information about your location. For example, you may choose to publish your location in your Posts and in your Slaent profile. We may also determine location by using other data from your device, such as precise location information from GPS, information about wireless networks or cell towers near your mobile device, or your IP address. We may use and store information about your location to provide features of our Services, such as Posting with your location, and to improve and customize the Services.

Links: We may keep track of how you interact with links across our Services, including our email notifications, third-party services, and client applications, by redirecting clicks or through other means. We do this to help improve our Services, to provide more relevant advertising, and to be able to share aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on. 

Cookies: Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services such as searching and looking at public user profiles. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer or mobile device. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, some browsers’ settings can be modified to decline cookies or alert you when a website is attempting to place a cookie on your computer. However, some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies. We honor the Do Not Track browser option to give you control over how your website visits are used to personalize your Slaent experience and ads.  (#Do Not Track settings? #)

Using Our Services: We receive information when you interact with our Services, even if you have not created an account (“Log Data”). For example, when you visit our websites, sign into our Services, interact with our email notifications, use your account to authenticate to a third-party website, application, or service, or visit a third-party website, application, or service that includes a Slaent button or widget, we may receive information about you. This Log Data may include your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms, or cookie information. We also receive Log Data when you click on, view or interact with links on our Services, including links to third-party applications, such as when you choose to install another application through Slaent. We use Log Data to make inferences, like what topics you may be interested in, and to customize the content we show you, including ads. We keep Log Data as needed for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. 

Commerce Services: You may provide your payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address (collectively, “Payment Information”), along with your shipping address, to complete a commerce transaction through our Services. To facilitate future purchases, we store your Payment Information (excluding CVV code) and shipping address, which you can remove from your account at any time using your account settings. We consider your Payment Information and shipping address private and do not make such information public. To facilitate order fulfillment, we collect and store information created by your purchases made through our Services (“Transaction Data”). Transaction Data may include the merchant’s name and the date, time, and amount of the transaction.

Advertising: Our Services are partially supported by advertising. We may use the information described in this Privacy Policy to help make our advertising more relevant to you, to measure its effectiveness and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of Slaent. We do not use the content you share privately in Private Messages to serve you ads.

Third-Parties and Affiliates: We may receive information about you from third parties, such as other Slaent users, partners (including ad partners), or our corporate affiliates. For example, other users may share or disclose information about you, such as when they mention you or reply to you. Our ad partners and affiliates may share information with us such as a browser cookie ID, mobile device ID, or cryptographic hash of a common account identifier (such as an email address), as well as demographic or interest data and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, may enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology.

Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not disclose your private personal information except in the limited circumstances described here.

User Consent or Direction: We may share or disclose your information at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. If you’ve shared information, like Private Messages, with another user who accesses Slaent through a third-party service, keep in mind that the information may be shared with the third-party service.

Service Providers: We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us. For example, we use a variety of third-party services to help provide our Services, such as hosting our various blogs and wikis, and to help us understand and improve the use of our Services, such as Google Analytics. We may share your private personal information with such service providers subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions.

Law and Harm: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect our or our users’ rights or property. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.


Business Transfers and Affiliates: In the event that we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity. We may also disclose information about you to our corporate affiliates in order to help provide, understand, and improve our Services and our affiliates’ services, including the delivery of ads.


Public or Non-Personal Information: We may share or disclose your public, aggregated or otherwise non-personal information, such as your public user profile information, public Posts, the number of times people engaged with a Post or reports to advertisers about unique users who saw or clicked on their ads after we have removed any private personal information (such as your name or contact information). Remember: Information, like your name and username, is always public on Slaent.

Accessing and Modifying Your Personal Information
If you are a registered user of our Services, we provide you with tools and account settings to access, correct, delete, or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account. 


Keep in mind that search engines and other third parties may still retain copies of your public information, like your user profile information and public Posts, even after you have deleted the information from the Slaent Services. 

Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at (#SLAENT PRIVACY LINK#) If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we may notify you via an email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.


Effective: 14 February, 2016


Thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy? Please, let us know by contacting us (#PRIVACY FORM LINK#) 
